presentation/default units (#657)
imodeljs/imodeljs: docs/changehistory/NextVersion.md

The new behavior is documented as part of the method documentation here:

[IModelDb.Elements.updateElement]($backend)

## Presentation

### Setting up default formats

> A new feature was introduced, which allows us to supply a map of default unit formats to use for formatting properties that don't have a presentation format in requested unit system.
> These formats are stored in a `defaultFormats` map which can be viewed in `presentation-backend\PresentationManagerProps.defaultFormats`.
> 
> To setup `DefaultFormats`, `Phenomenon`, array of `UnitSystem` and `FormatProps` need to be specified in the map like so:
> 
> ```ts
> const defaultFormats = {
>           length: { unitSystems: [PresentationUnitSystem.BritishImperial], format: formatPropsLength },
>           area: { unitSystems: [PresentationUnitSystem.UsCustomary, PresentationUnitSystem.UsSurvey], format: formatPropsArea },
>         };
> ```
> 
> Phenomenon's name is case-insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new feature was introduced, which allows supplying default unit formats to use for formatting properties that don't have a presentation unit for requested unit system. The formats are set when initializing [Presentation]($presentation-backend) and passing [PresentationManagerProps.defaultFormats]($presentation-backend). 

Example:
```ts
Presentation.initialize({
  defaultFormats: {
    length: { 
      unitSystems: [PresentationUnitSystem.BritishImperial], 
      format: MY_DEFAULT_FORMAT_FOR_LENGTHS_IN_BRITISH_IMPERIAL_UNITS,
    },
    area: {
      unitSystems: [PresentationUnitSystem.UsCustomary, PresentationUnitSystem.UsSurvey], 
      format: MY_DEFAULT_FORMAT_FOR_AREAS_IN_US_UNITS,
    },
  },
});
```
```
